Bootstrap All CSS Classes w3schools.com THE WORLD'S LARGEST WEB DEVELOPER SITE HTML CSS JAVASCRIPT SQL PYTHON PHP BOOTSTRAP HOW TO W3.CSS JQUERY XML MORE ? ? ? FORUM EXERCISES REFERENCES ? HTML and CSS Learn HTML Learn CSS Learn Bootstrap Learn W3.CSS Learn Colors Learn Icons Learn Graphics Learn SVG Learn Canvas Learn How To Learn Sass XML Learn XML Learn XML AJAX Learn XML DOM Learn XML DTD Learn XML Schema Learn XSLT Learn XPath Learn XQuery JavaScript Learn JavaScript Learn jQuery Learn React Learn AngularJS Learn JSON Learn AJAX Learn W3.JS Programming Learn Python Learn Java Learn C++ Learn C# Server Side Learn SQL Learn PHP Learn ASP Learn Node.js Learn Raspberry Pi Web Building Web Templates Web Statistics Web Certificates Web Editor Web Development XML Learn XML Learn XML AJAX Learn XML DOM Learn XML DTD Learn XML Schema Learn XSLT Learn XPath Learn XQuery ? HTML HTML Tag Reference HTML Event Reference HTML Color Reference HTML Attribute Reference HTML Canvas Reference HTML SVG Reference HTML Character Sets Google Maps Reference CSS CSS Reference CSS Browser Support CSS Selector Reference Bootstrap 3 Reference Bootstrap 4 Reference W3.CSS Reference Icon Reference Sass Reference JavaScript JavaScript Reference HTML DOM Reference jQuery Reference AngularJS Reference W3.JS Reference Programming Python Reference Java Reference Server Side SQL Reference PHP Reference ASP Reference XML XML Reference XML Http Reference XSLT Reference XML Schema Reference Character Sets HTML Character Sets HTML ASCII HTML ANSI HTML Windows-1252 HTML ISO-8859-1 HTML Symbols HTML UTF-8 ? Exercises HTML Exercises CSS Exercises JavaScript Exercises SQL Exercises PHP Exercises Python Exercises jQuery Exercises Bootstrap Exercises Java Exercises C++ Exercises C# Exercises Quizzes HTML Quiz CSS Quiz JavaScript Quiz SQL Quiz PHP Quiz Python Quiz jQuery Quiz Bootstrap Quiz XML Quiz Certificates HTML Certificate CSS Certificate JavaScript Certificate SQL Certificate PHP Certificate Python Certificate jQuery Certificate Bootstrap Certificate XML Certificate Bootstrap 3 Tutorial BS HOME BS Get Started BS Grid Basic BS Typography BS Tables BS Images BS Jumbotron BS Wells BS Alerts BS Buttons BS Button Groups BS Glyphicons BS Badges/Labels BS Progress Bars BS Pagination BS Pager BS List Groups BS Panels BS Dropdowns BS Collapse BS Tabs/Pills BS Navbar BS Forms BS Inputs BS Inputs 2 BS Input Sizing BS Media Objects BS Carousel BS Modal BS Tooltip BS Popover BS Scrollspy BS Affix BS Filters Bootstrap Grids BS Grid System BS Stacked/Horizontal BS Grid Small BS Grid Medium BS Grid Large BS Grid Examples Bootstrap Themes BS Templates BS Theme "Simply Me" BS Theme "Company" BS Theme "Band" Bootstrap Examples BS Examples BS Quiz BS Exercises BS Certificate Bootstrap CSS Ref CSS All Classes CSS Typography CSS Buttons CSS Forms CSS Helpers CSS Images CSS Tables CSS Dropdowns CSS Navs Glyphicons Bootstrap JS Ref JS Affix JS Alert JS Button JS Carousel JS Collapse JS Dropdown JS Modal JS Popover JS Scrollspy JS Tab JS Tooltip Bootstrap Classes Reference ? Previous Next ? Complete List of All Bootstrap Classes Complete list of all Bootstrap classes with description and examples: Class Description Example Category .active Adds a grey background color to the table row (<tr> or table cell (<td>) (same color used on hover) Try it Tables .active Adds a gray background color to the active link in a default navbar. Adds a black background and a white color to the current link inside an inverted navbar. Try it Navbar .active Adds a blue background color to the active list item in a list group Try it List Groups .active Adds a blue background color to simulate a "pressed" button Try it Buttons .active Animates a striped progress bar Try it Progress Bars .active Adds a blue background color to the active dropdown item in a dropdown Try it Dropdowns .active Adds a blue background color to the active pagination link (to highlight the current page) Try it Pagination .affix The Affix plugin allows an element to become affixed (locked/sticky) to an area on the page. It toggles position:fixed on and off Try it Affix .alert Creates an alert message box Try it Alerts .alert-danger Red alert box. Indicates a dangerous or potentially negative action Try it Alerts .alert-dismissible Together with the .close class, this class is used to close the alert Try it Alerts .alert-info Light-blue alert box. Indicates some information Try it Alerts .alert-link Used on links inside alerts to add matching colored links Try it Alerts .alert-success Green alert box. Indicates a successful or positive action Try it Alerts .alert-warning Yellow alert box. Indicates caution should be taken with this action Try it Alerts .badge Creates a circular badge (grey circle - often used as a numerical indicator) Try it Badges .bg-danger Adds a red background color to an element. Represents danger or a negative action Try it Helpers .bg-info Adds a light-blue background color to an element. Represents some information Try it Helpers .bg-primary Adds a blue background color to an element. Represents something important Try it Helpers .bg-success Adds a green background color to an element. Indicates success or a positive action Try it Helpers .bg-warning Adds a yellow background color to an element. Represents a warning or a negative action Try it Helpers .breadcrumb A pagination. Indicates the current page's location within a navigational hierarchy Try it Pagination .btn Creates a basic button (gray background and rounded corners) Try it Buttons .btn-block Creates a block level button that spans the entire width of the parent element Try it Buttons .btn-danger Red button. Indicates danger or a negative action Try it Buttons .btn-default Default button. White background and grey border Try it Buttons .btn-group Groups buttons together on a single line Try it Button Groups .btn-group-justified Makes a group of buttons span the entire width of the screen Try it Button Groups .btn-group-lg Large button group (makes all buttons in a button group larger - increased font-size and padding) Try it Button Groups .btn-group-sm Small button group (makes all buttons in a button group smaller) Try it Button Groups .btn-group-xs Extra small button group (makes all buttons in a button group extra small) Try it Button Groups .btn-group-vertical Makes a button group appear vertically stacked Try it Button Groups .btn-info Light-blue button. Represents information Try it Buttons .btn-link Makes a button look like a link (get button behavior) Try it Buttons .btn-lg Large button Try it Buttons .btn-primary Blue button. Try it Buttons .btn-sm Small button Try it Buttons .btn-success Green button. Indicates success or a positive action Try it Buttons .btn-warning Yellow button. Represents warning or a negative action Try it Buttons .btn-xs Extra small button Try it Buttons .caption Adds a caption text inside a .thumbnail Try it Images .caret Creates a caret arrow icon , which indicates that the button is a dropdown Try it Dropdowns .carousel Creates a carousel (slideshow) Try it Carousel .carousel-caption Creates a caption text for each slide in the carousel Try it Carousel .carousel-control Container for next and previous links Try it Carousel .carousel-indicators Adds little dots/indicators at the bottom of each slide (which indicates how many slides there is in the carousel, and which slide the user are currently viewing) Try it Carousel .carousel-inner Container for slide items Try it Carousel .center-block Centers any element (Sets an element to display:block with margin-right:auto and margin-left:auto) Try it Helpers .checkbox Container for checkboxes Try it Inputs .checkbox-inline Makes multiple checkboxes appear on the same line Try it Inputs .clearfix Clears floats Try it Helpers .close Indicates a close icon Try it Helpers .col-*-* Responsive grid (span 1-12 column). Extra small devices Phones (< 768px), Small devices Tablets (?768px), Medium devices Desktops (?992px), Large devices Desktops (?1200px). Column values can be 1-12. Try it Grid .col-*-offset-* Move columns to the right. These classes increase the left margin of a column by * columns Try it Grid .col-*-pull-* Changes the order of the grid columns Try it Grid .col-*-push-* Changes the order of the grid columns Try it Grid .collapse Indicates collapsible content - which can be hidden or shown on demand Try it Collapse .collapse in Show the collapsible content by default Try it Collapse .container Fixed width container with widths determined by screen sites. Equal margin on the left and right. Try it Containers .container-fluid A container that spans the full width of the screen Try it Containers .control-label Allows a label to be used for form validation Try it Forms .danger Adds a red background to the table row (<tr> or table cell (<td>). Indicates a dangerous or potentially negative action Try it Tables .disabled Disables a button (adds opacity and a "no-parking-sign" icon on hover) Try it Buttons .disabled Disables a dropdown item (adds a grey text color and a "no-parking-sign" icon on hover) Try it Dropdowns .disabled Disables a pagination link (cannot be clicked - adds a grey text color and a "no-parking-sign" icon on hover) Try it Pagination .disabled Disables a list item in a list group (cannot be clicked - adds a grey background color and a "no-parking-sign" icon on hover) Try it List Groups .divider Used to separate links in the dropdown menu with a thin horizontal border Try it Dropdowns .dl-horizontal Lines up the terms <dt> and descriptions <dd> in <dl> elements side-by-side. Starts off like default <dl>s, but when the browser window expands, it will line up side-by-side Try it Typography .dropdown Creates a toggleable menu that allows the user to choose one value from a predefined list Try it Dropdowns .dropdown-header Used to add headers inside the dropdown menu Try it Dropdowns .dropdown-menu Adds the default styles for the dropdown menu container Try it Dropdowns .dropdown-menu-right Right-aligns a dropdown menu Try it Dropdowns .dropdown-toggle Used on the button that should hide and show (toggle) the dropdown menu Try it Dropdowns .dropup Indicates a dropup menu (upwards instead of downwards) Try it Dropdowns .embed-responsive Container for embedded content. Makes videos or slideshows scale properly on any device Try it Images .embed-responsive-16by9 Container for embedded content. Creates an 16:9 aspect ratio embedded content Try it Images .embed-responsive-4by3 Container for embedded content. Creates an 4:3 aspect ratio embedded content Try it Images .embed-responsive-item Used inside .embed-responsive. Scales the video nicely to the parent element Try it Images .fade Adds a fading effect when closing an alert box Try it Alerts .form-control Used on input, textarea, and select elements to span the entire width of the page and make them responsive Try it Forms .form-control-feedback Form validation class Try it Inputs 2 .form-control-static Adds plain text next to a form label within a horizontal form Try it Inputs 2 .form-group Container for form input and label Try it Forms .form-inline Makes a <form> left-aligned with inline-block controls (This only applies to forms within viewports that are at least 768px wide) Try it Forms .form-horizontal Aligns labels and groups of form controls in a horizontal layout Try it Forms .glyphicon Creates an icon. Bootstrap provides 260 free glyphicons from the Glyphicons Halflings set Try it Glyphicons .has-danger Adds a red color to the label and a red border to the input, as well as an error icon inside the input (used together with .has-feedback) Try it Forms .has-feedback Adds feedback icons for inputs (checkmark, warning and error signs) Try it Forms .has-success Adds a green color to the label and a green border to the input, as well as a checkmark icon inside the input (used together with .has-feedback) Try it Forms .has-warning Adds a yellow/orange color to the label and a yellow/orange border to the input, as well as a checkmark icon inside the input (used together with .has-feedback) Try it Forms .help-block A block of help text that breaks onto a new line and may extend beyond one line. Try it Input Sizing .hidden Forces an element to be hidden (display:none) Try it Helpers .hidden-* Hides content depending on screen size Try it Helpers .hide Deprecated. Use .hidden instead Try it Helpers .h1 - .h6 Makes an element look like a heading of the chosen class (h1-h6) Try it Typography .icon-bar Used in the navbar to create a hamburger menu (three horizontal bars) Try it Navbar .icon-next Unicode icon (arrow pointing right), used in carousels. This is often replaced with a glyphicon Try it Carousel .icon-prev Unicode icon (arrow pointing left), used in carousels. This is often replaced with a glyphicon Try it Carousel .img-circle Shapes an image to a circle (not supported in IE8 and earlier) Try it Images .img-responsive Makes an image responsive Try it Images .img-rounded Adds rounded corners to an image Try it Images .img-thumbnail Shapes an image to a thumbnail (borders) Try it Images .in Fades in tabs Try it Tabs .info Adds a light-blue background to the table row (<tr> or table cell (<td>). Indicates a neutral informative change or action Try it Tables .initialism Displays the text inside an <abbr> element in a slightly smaller font size Try it Typography .input-group Container to enhance an input by adding an icon, text or a button in front or behind it as a "help text" Try it Inputs .input-group-lg Large input group Try it Inputs .input-group-sm Small input group Try it Inputs .input-group-addon Together with the .input-group class, this class makes it possible to add an icon or help text next to the input field Try it Inputs .input-group-btn Together with the .input-group class, this class attaches a button next to an input. Often used as a search bar Try it Inputs .input-lg Large input field Try it Input Sizing .input-sm Small input field Try it Input Sizing .invisible Makes an element invisible (visibility:hidden). Note: Even though the element is invisible, it will take up space on the page Try it Helpers .item Class added to each carousel item. May be text or images Try it Carousel .jumbotron Creates a padded grey box with rounded corners that enlarges the font sizes of the text inside it. Creates a big box for calling extra attention to some special content or information Try it Jumbotron .label Adds a grey rounded box to an element. Provides additional information about something (e.g. "New") Try it Labels .label-danger Red label Try it Labels .label-info Light-blue label Try it Labels .label-success Green label Try it Labels .label-warning Yellow label Try it Labels .lead Increase the font size and line height of a paragraph Try it Typography .left Used to identify the left carousel control Try it Carousel .list-group Creates a bordered list group for <li> elements Try it List Group .list-group-item Added to each <li> element in the list group Try it List Group .list-group-item-heading Creates a list group heading (used on other elements besides <li>) Try it List Group .list-group-item-text Used for item text inside the list group (used on other elements besides <li>) Try it List Group .list-group-item-danger Red background color for a list item in a list group Try it List Group .list-group-item-info Light-blue background color for a list item in a list group Try it List Group .list-group-item-success Green background color for a list item in a list group Try it List Group .list-group-item-warning Yellow background color for a list item in a list group Try it List Group .list-inline Places all list items on a single line (horizontal menu) Try it Tabs .list-unstyled Removes all default list-style (bullets, left margin, etc.) styling from a <ul> or <ol> list Try it Typography .mark Highlights text: Highlighted text Try it Typography .media Aligns media objects (like images or videos - often used for comments in a blog post etc) Try it Media Objects .media-body Text that should appear next to a media object Try it Media Objects .media-heading Creates a heading inside the media object Try it Media Objects .media-list Nested media lists Try it Media Objects .media-object Indicates a media object (image or video) Try it Media Objects .modal Identifies the content as a modal and brings focus to it Try it Modals .modal-body Defines the style for the body of the modal. Add any HTML markup here (p, img, etc) Try it Modals .modal-content Styles the modal (border, background-color, etc). Inside this, add the modal's header, body and footer, if needed Try it Modals .modal-dialog Sets the proper width and margin of the modal Try it Modals .modal-footer The footer of the modal (often contains an action button and a close button) Try it Modals .modal-header The header of the modal (often contains a title and a close button) Try it Modals .modal-lg Large modal (wider than default) Try it Modals .modal-open Used on the <body> element to prevent page scrolling (overflow:hidden) Try it Modals .modal-sm Small modal (less width) Try it Modals .modal-title The title of the modal Try it Modals .nav nav-tabs Indicates a tabbed menu Try it Tabs .nav nav-pills Indicates a pill menu Try it Tabs .nav .navbar-nav Used on a <ul> container that contains the list items with links inside a navigation bar Try it Navbar .nav-justified Centers tabs/pills. Note that on screens smaller than 768px the items are stacked (content will remain centered) Try it Tabs .nav-stacked Vertically stack tabs or pills Try it Tabs .nav-tabs Creates a tabbed menu Try it Tabs .navbar Creates a navigation bar Try it Navbar .navbar-brand Added to a link or a header element inside the navbar to represent a logo or a header Try it Navbar .navbar-btn Vertically aligns a button inside a navbar Try it Navbar .navbar-collapse Collapses the navbar (hidden and replaced with a menu/hamburger icon on mobile phones and small tablets) Try it Navbar .navbar-default Creates a default navigation bar (light-grey background color) Try it Navbar .navbar-fixed-bottom Makes the navbar stay at the bottom of the screen (sticky/fixed) Try it Navbar .navbar-fixed-top Makes the navbar stay at the top of the screen (sticky/fixed) Try it Navbar .navbar-form Added to form elements inside the navbar to vertically center them (proper padding) Try it Navbar .navbar-header Added to a container element that contains the link/element that represent a logo or a header Try it Navbar .navbar-inverse Creates a black navigation bar (instead of light-grey) Try it Navbar .navbar-left Aligns nav links, forms, buttons, or text, in the navbar to the left Try it Navbar .navbar-link Styles an element to look like a link inside the navbar (anchors get proper padding and an underline on hover, while other elements like p or span gets a default hover effect - white color in an inversed navbar and a black color in a default navbar) Try it Navbar .navbar-nav Used on a <ul> container that contains the list items with links inside a navigation bar Try it Navbar .navbar-right Aligns nav links, forms, buttons, or text in the navbar to the right. Try it Navbar .navbar-static-top Removes left, top and right borders (rounded corners) from the navbar (default navbar has a gray border and a 4px border-radius by default) Try it Navbar .navbar-text Vertical align any elements inside the navbar that are not links (ensures proper padding) Try it Navbar .navbar-toggle Styles the button that should open the navbar on small screens. Often used together with three .icon-bar classes to indicate a toggleable menu icon (hamburger/bars) Try it Navbar .next Used in the carousel control to identity the next control Try it Carousel .next Used to align pager buttons to the right side of the page (next button) Try it Pager .page-header Adds a horizontal line under the heading (+ adds some extra space around the element) Try it Page Header .pager Creates previous/next buttons (used on <ul> elements) Try it Pager .pagination Creates a pagination (Useful when you have a web site with lots of pages. Used on <ul> elements) Try it Pagination .pagination-lg Large pagination (each pagination link gets a font-size of 18px. Default is 14px) Try it Pagination .pagination-sm Small pagination (each pagination link gets a font-size of 12px. Default is 14px) Try it Pagination .panel Creates a bordered box with some padding around its content Try it Panels .panel-body Container for content inside the panel Try it Panels .panel-collapse Collapsible panel (toggle between hiding and showing panel(s)) Try it Collapse .panel-danger Red panel. Indicates danger Try it Panels .panel-info Light-blue panel. Indicates information Try it Panels .panel-success Green panel. Indicates success Try it Panels .panel-warning Yellow panel. Indicates warning Try it Panels .panel-footer Creates a panel footer (light background color) Try it Panels .panel-group Used to group many panels together. This removes the bottom margin below each panel Try it Panels .panel-heading Creates a panel header (light background color) Try it Panels .panel-title Used inside a .panel-heading to adjust the styling of the text (removes margins and adds a font-size of 16px) Try it Panels .popover Popup-box that appears when the user clicks on an element Try it Popover .pre-scrollable Makes a <pre> element scrollable (max-height of 350px and provide a y-axis scrollbar) Try it Helpers .prev Used in carousels to indicate a "previous" link Try it Carousel .previous Used to align pager buttons to the left side of the page (previous button) Try it Pager .progress Container for progress bars Try it Progress Bars .progress-bar Creates a progress bar Try it Progress Bars .progress-bar-danger Red progress bar. Indicates danger Try it Progress Bars .progress-bar-info Light-blue progress bar. Indicates information Try it Progress Bars .progress-bar-striped Creates a striped progress bar Try it Progress Bars .progress-bar-success Green progress bar. Indicates success Try it Progress Bars .progress-bar-warning Yellow progress bar. Indicates warning Try it Progress Bars .pull-left Float an element to the left Try it Helpers .pull-right Float an element to the right Try it Helpers .right Used to identify the right carousel control Try it Carousel .row Container for responsive columns Try it Grid .row-no-gutters Removes the gutters from a row and its columns Try it Grid .show Shows an element (display:block) Try it Helpers .small Creates a lighter, secondary text in any heading Try it Typography .sr-only Hides an element on all devices except for screen readers Try it Helpers .sr-only-focusable Hides an element on all devices except for screen readers Try it Helpers .success Adds a green background color to a table row (<tr> or table cell (<td>). Indicates success or a positive action Try it Tables .tab-content Used together with .tab-pane to creates toggleable/dynamic tabs/pills Try it Tabs .tab-pane Used together with .tab-content to creates toggleable/dynamic tabs/pills Try it Tabs .table Adds basic styling to a table (padding, bottom borders, etc) Try it Tables .table-bordered Adds borders on all sides of the table and cells Try it Tables .table-condensed Makes a table more compact by cutting cell padding in half Try it Tables .table-hover Creates a hoverable table (adds a grey background color on table rows on hover) Try it Tables .table-responsive Makes a table responsive (adds a horizontal scrollbar when needed) Try it Tables .text-capitalize Indicates capitalized text Try it Typography .text-center Center-aligns text Try it Typography .text-danger Red text color. Indicates danger Try it Typography .text-hide Hides text (helps replace an element's text content with a background image) Try it Typography .text-info Light-blue text color. Indicates information Try it Typography .text-justify Indicates justified text Try it Typography .text-left Aligns the text to the left Try it Typography .text-lowercase Changes text to lowercase Try it Typography .text-muted Grey text color Try it Typography .text-nowrap Prevents the text from wrapping Try it Typography .text-primary Blue text color Try it Typography .text-right Aligns text to the right Try it Typography .text-success Green text color. Indicates success Try it Typography .text-uppercase Makes text uppercase Try it Typography .text-warning Yellow/orange text color. Indicates warning Try it Typography .thumbnail Adds a border around an element (often images or videos) to make it look like a thumbnail Try it Images .tooltip Popup-box that appears when the user moves the mouse pointer over an element Try it Tooltip .visible-* Deprecated as of v3.2.0. Used to show and/or hide content by device. Note: Use .hidden-* instead Try it Helpers .visible-print-block Displays the element (display:block) in print (pre)view Helpers .visible-print-inline Displays the element (display:inline) in print (pre)view Helpers .visible-print-inline-block Displays the element (display:inline-block) in print (pre)view Helpers .hidden-print Hides the element (display:none) in print (pre)view Helpers .warning Adds a yellow background color to the table row (<tr> or table cell (<td>). Indicates a warning Try it Tables .well Adds a rounded border around an element with a gray background color and some padding Try it Wells .well-lg Large well (more padding) Try it Wells .well-sm Small well (less padding) Try it Wells Tip: To see the full list of all Bootstrap 4 classes, go to our All Bootstrap 4 CSS Classes Reference. ? Previous Next ? COLOR PICKER HOW TO Tabs Dropdowns Accordions Side Navigation Top Navigation Modal Boxes Progress Bars Parallax Login Form HTML Includes Google Maps Range Sliders Tooltips Slideshow Filter List Sort List SHARE CERTIFICATES HTML CSS JavaScript SQL Python PHP jQuery Bootstrap XML Read More ? REPORT ERROR PRINT PAGE FORUM ABOUT ? Your Suggestion: Your E-mail: Page address: Description: Submit ? Thank You For Helping Us! Your message has been sent to W3Schools. Top Tutorials HTML Tutorial CSS Tutorial JavaScript Tutorial How To Tutorial SQL Tutorial Python Tutorial W3.CSS Tutorial Bootstrap Tutorial PHP Tutorial jQuery Tutorial Java Tutorial C++ Tutorial Top References HTML Reference CSS Reference JavaScript Reference SQL Reference Python Reference W3.CSS Reference Bootstrap Reference PHP Reference HTML Colors jQuery Reference Java Reference Angular Reference Top Examples HTML Examples CSS Examples JavaScript Examples How To Examples SQL Examples Python Examples W3.CSS Examples Bootstrap Examples PHP Examples jQuery Examples Java Examples XML Examples Web Certificates HTML Certificate CSS Certificate JavaScript Certificate SQL Certificate Python Certificate jQuery Certificate PHP Certificate Bootstrap Certificate XML Certificate Get Certified ? W3Schools is optimized for learning, testing, and training. Examples might be simplified to improve reading and basic understanding. Tutorials, references, and examples are constantly reviewed to avoid errors, but we cannot warrant full correctness of all content. While using this site, you agree to have read and accepted our terms of use, cookie and privacy policy. Copyright 1999-2019 by Refsnes Data. All Rights Reserved. Powered by W3.CSS.
